## Installation Details for the DialogFlow Component
In order to get started you need to sign up for an account at the [DialogFlow website](https://dialogflow.com).  Once complete, sign in to the console and:
- Create a New Agent, call it what you wish. Select your default language and time zone and finally click Create
- Under the DF Sidebar, click on the **gear icon** to call up your Agent settings
- Click on **Export and Import** and import the ZIP file `LMS_Control_Agent - Sanitized.zip`.  This will import the pre-defined entities and intents to be used by Google Home or Google Assistant.
- Under the **General Tab** ensure API Version is set to **V1 API**

**_Webhooks_** setup:

- Enable Webhooks under the fullfilment section of DF.
- Fill in the URL field with https://homeassistant.duckdns.org/api/webhook/insert_your_webhook_id_here replacing `homeassistant` with your **HA internet link** and `insert_your_webhook_id_here` with your **Webhook ID** provided by the HA DialogFlow integration component.
- In the Headers section, replace `insert_your_long_lived_token_here` with your **long lived access token ID** generated by Home Assistant.

**_Entities_** updates:

- Under the DF sidebar, select Entities and choose `@mediaplayers`.  Update the names and synonyms to reflect your player entity names and any synonyms you may have for them.  The player entity names are the part after the `media_player.`of your existing LMS players in HA.  As an example entity `media_player.kitchen` the name would be **kitchen**
- Choose `@source` and update the music source entity if required.  At this time, only LMS (local) and Spotify are supported.  
